README.md, before:

# ReVanced Patches

🧩 Official patches by ReVanced

# List of available patches

| 💊 Patch | 📜 Description | 🎯 Target Package | 🏹 Target Version |
|:--------:|:--------------:|:-----------------:|:-----------------:|
| `music-video-ads` | Removes ads in the YouTube Music player. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `exclusive-audio-playback` | Adds the option to play music without video. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `codecs-unlock` | Enables more audio codecs. Usually results in better audio quality but may depend on song and device. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `background-play` | Enables playing music in the background. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `tasteBuilder-remover` | Removes the "Tell us which artists you like" card from the Home screen. The same functionality can be triggered from the settings anyway. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `upgrade-button-remover` | Removes the upgrade tab from the pivot bar in YouTube Music. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `hide-infocard-suggestions` | Hides infocards in videos. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `video-ads` | Removes ads in the YouTube video player. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `general-ads` | Removes general ads in bytecode. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `seekbar-tapping` | Enables tapping on the seekbar of the YouTube player. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `swipe-controls` | Adds volume and brightness swipe controls. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `microg-support` | Allows YouTube ReVanced to run without root and under a different package name. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hdr-auto-brightness` | Makes the brightness of HDR videos follow the system default. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `autorepeat-by-default` | Enables auto repeating of videos by default. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `custom-playback-speed` | Allows to change the default playback speed options. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `enable-debugging` | Enables app debugging by patching the manifest file. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `old-quality-layout` | Enables the original quality flyout menu. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.24.35 |
| `hide-cast-button` | Hides the cast button. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `amoled` | Enables pure black theme. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hide-autoplay-button` | Disables the autoplay button. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `minimized-playback` | Enables minimized and background playback. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `premium-heading` | Shows premium branding on the YouTube home screen. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `custom-branding` | Changes the branding of YouTube. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `enable-wide-searchbar` | Replaces the search icon with a wide search bar. This will hide the YouTube logo when active. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `return-youtube-dislikes` | Shows the dislike count of videos. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `disable-fullscreen-panels` | Disables comments panel in fullscreen view. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hide-shorts-button` | Hides the shorts button. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `disable-create-button` | Disables the create button. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hide-watermark` | Hides the creator's watermark on videos. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |

Commit message:

Make patches description more clear

README.md, after:

# ReVanced Patches

🧩 Official patches by ReVanced

# List of available patches

| 💊 Patch | 📜 Description | 🎯 Target Package | 🏹 Target Version |
|:--------:|:--------------:|:-----------------:|:-----------------:|
| `music-video-ads` | Removes ads in the YouTube music player. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `exclusive-audio-playback` | Adds the option to play music without video. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `codecs-unlock` | Enables more audio codecs. Usually results in better audio quality but may depend on song and device. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `background-play` | Enables playing music in the background. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `tasteBuilder-remover` | Removes the "Tell us which artists you like" card from the Home screen. The same functionality can be triggered from the settings anyway. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `upgrade-button-remover` | Removes the upgrade tab from the pivot bar in YouTube Music. | `com.google.android.apps.youtube.music` | 5.14.53 |
| `hide-infocard-suggestions` | Hides infocards in videos. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `video-ads` | Removes ads in the YouTube video player. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `general-ads` | Removes general ads in bytecode. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `seekbar-tapping` | Enables tapping on the seekbar of the YouTube player. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `swipe-controls` | Adds volume and brightness swipe controls. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `microg-support` | Allows YouTube ReVanced to run without root and under a different package name. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hdr-auto-brightness` | Makes the brightness of HDR videos follow the system default. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `autorepeat-by-default` | Enables auto repeating of videos by default. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `custom-playback-speed` | Adds more options for video playback speed. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `enable-debugging` | Enables app debugging by patching the manifest file. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `old-quality-layout` | Enables the original quality flyout menu which lets you choose the resolution immediately. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.24.35 |
| `hide-cast-button` | Hides the cast button on home screen. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `amoled` | Enables pure black theme. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hide-autoplay-button` | Hides the autoplay button on the video player. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `minimized-playback` | Enables minimized and background playback. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `premium-heading` | Shows premium branding on the YouTube home screen. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `custom-branding` | Replaces the YouTube launcher icon with ReVanced's. | `com.google.android.youtube` | all |
| `enable-wide-searchbar` | Replaces the search icon with a wide search bar. This will hide the YouTube logo when active. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `return-youtube-dislikes` | Shows the dislike count of videos using the Return YouTube Dislike API. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `disable-fullscreen-panels` | Disables comments and description panel in the fullscreen view. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hide-shorts-button` | Hides the shorts button on the navigation bar. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `disable-create-button` | Disables the create button on the navigation bar. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
| `hide-watermark` | Hides the creator's watermark on videos. | `com.google.android.youtube` | 17.26.35 |
